README.md, before:

# Johnny-Five powered scara robot-arm 

A Johnny-Five powered scara robot-arm to handle drawing on a piece of paper.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Download and install the [Arduino IDE](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software) on your computer.

clone this repository, then rename config-sample.js to config.js

### Firmata installation

1. Open Arduino IDE
2. Connect the Uno with USB
3. In the `File -> Examples` menu, find the `Firmata` submenu and select `StandardFirmata` (haven't used stepper yet, so this is acceptable now)
4. Upload the `StandardFirmata` sketch to the Arduino

### Hardware preparation 

![](https://github.com/ibnutri/scara-drawbot/raw/master/schematic/png/scara-drawbot_bb.png)

## Contributing

Try pull request

## Authors

 - **Ibnu Triyono** - *inital work* - [ibnutri](https://github.com/ibnutri)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Thank you to [Johnny-Five](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five)

Commit message:

updating readme with robot image and bluetooth link

README.md, after:

# Johnny-Five powered scara robot-arm 

A Johnny-Five powered scara robot-arm to handle drawing on a piece of paper.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Download and install the [Arduino IDE](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software) on your computer.

clone this repository, then rename config-sample.js to config.js

Since I'm using bluetooth module, you may want to connect your arduino to bluetooth too. I was using [this tutorial](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five/wiki/Getting-Started-with-Johnny-Five-and-HC-05-Bluetooth-Serial-Port-Module)

### Firmata installation

1. Open Arduino IDE
2. Connect the Uno with USB
3. In the `File -> Examples` menu, find the `Firmata` submenu and select `StandardFirmata` (haven't used stepper yet, so this is acceptable now)
4. Upload the `StandardFirmata` sketch to the Arduino

### Hardware preparation 

Breadboard
![](https://github.com/ibnutri/scara-drawbot/raw/master/schematic/png/scara-drawbot_bb.png)
physical image
![](https://github.com/ibnutri/scara-drawbot/raw/master/schematic/png/scara-drawbot_image.jpg)

## Current Status

Still a very basic movement. you can move the arm position (x,y) using inverse kinematic. so if you put the x and y the arm will position it's shoulder and elbow to the position 

## TODO

- document hardware building.
- change the servo to a stonger ones and more accuracy, or perhaps using stepper motor.
- create HTML5 UI to use the arm.
- create HTML5 UI using canvas to draw directly to arm.
- input from svg / any vector file.


## Contributing

Just pull request

## Authors

 - **Ibnu Triyono** - *inital work* - [ibnutri](https://github.com/ibnutri)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Thank you to [Johnny-Five](https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five)
